---
title: My Political Warning to America From 2013
author: Victor Fisher
type: Article
date: March 28, 2013
update: September 6, 2021
---

*Disclaimer: This piece does not necessarily reflect my current views.*

From <b>The Reverend Report</b>\
*Despair is the precursor to greatness!*

THE REVEREND OF DESPAIR\
COLUMNIST AND VISIONARY

If you are reading this article, you have just taken the *red pill*. You are about to receive massive doses of truth, injected directly into your mind. Living in America nowadays, we dwell in a realm of fantasy. We pretend America is still at the height of its power, even as we print *Monopoly* money, under a fiat system to sustain endless wars. We watch as this stolen money is constantly inject into the troubled industries of education, housing and medicine, and then we wonder why prices continue to skyrocket. As you look outside your window, if you see a peaceful and pleasant land, you are looking at a mirage because you are currently living at a time when the dark spectre of war is beginning to haunt the world once more. The masses are totally disconnected from reality in this "Information Age." Our politicians instate reprehensible policies assuming, quite correctly, that the people aren't paying attention and aren't really able to think for themselves. When your family doesn't have drones flying over their heads all day, it all doesn't seem to matter very much. After all, it isn't *my* kid fighting these wars that were designed to enrich the military industrial complex, so why should I care? Of course, the situation will continually get worse, and it will all be the fault of all of us. We aren't listening to to a wise man who warned us by saying that government is a "fearful master." Instead, we put our faith in the real perpetrator of the great lies of our time: liberal academics. The ignorance of our society is overwhelming. It seems the more "educated" we get, the more prevalent the ignorance becomes. Being more concerned with politically correct ideas like "diversity" than with the reality of our situation has taken its toll. These ideas were really created by lawyers; definitely not by free thinkers with courage. When the truth hurts, it's better to ignore it that to admit it, say the liberals and the fake conservatives through their actions.

The most important thing to remember about politics is that the government doesn't have the best interests of the people at heart... ever. When they ask for more power, no matter how positive we think the outcome will be, it is never worth it. Government never gives up power without truly revolutionary circumstances. They even use the consequences of their endless mistakes as an excuse to take more power. New regulations on the healthcare industry were put in place in the 70s and 80s. This lead to all of the problems we are seeing today, but the media has blamed the situation on the free market to help usher in Obamacare, which promises to make things even worse. The worst shootings we see nowadays take place in gun-free zones, which was yet another terrific idea that came from the feds. The highest crime areas in the nations are those that have restricted gun rights such as Chicago, but people always turn to the government to show them the way in times of crisis. The real issue is that 11 percent of Americans are on  dangerous antidepressant drugs that drive many to commit savage atrocities, but of course we can't talk about that because the government is pals with the American Medical Association (AMA) mafia.

Sound economic policy is critical to the survival of any nation. Empires such as our own are so massive, they cannot afford to pay their bills without some form of treachery. For us, this comes in the form of excessive taxation, illicit labor, endless wars and currency fraud. The real tax rate is around 60% on average. Convicts in federal prison are forced to work for virtually no pay and we depend on illegals to do essential labor. Why do Republicans not consider rampant militarism to be a form of corporate welfare for energy companies? It's a strangely liberal sounding policy for them to be supporting. By far, currency fraud is the most important part of the scheme, and it all happens at the private Federal Reserve Bank. Zero percent interest rates, money printing, and Keynesian spending programs (often laundered to foreign entities) are all creating toxic assets. The banksters who collude with government are the true owners of the system. This is not capitalism my friends! It is a corporatist system that is totally counter to the remarkable vision of the founding fathers. Personal and economic freedoms are both vital to the success of a free society, but Democrats can't seem to defend economic liberty, and Republicans are out of touch on social policy.

Having an awareness of the political situation reveals why academics are so out of touch. They are on the government dole. So are all of you my dear readers! When a nation's institutions are publicly funded, it is impossible for them to systematically criticize government power. Financial aid guarantees that even private schools such as this one are being propped up at astronomical prices. As Upton Sinclair once noted, "It is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends on his not understanding it." In the free market, you have to make a real product with value. Companies that don't benefit from bailouts have to function in reality, whilst professors don't get reprimanded for spreading Marxist misinformation. By making education sacred and mandatory in this country, we have destroyed it. Why do we have an all-volunteer army, and still we can't fathom the possibility of an all-volunteer educational system? As soon as we stop holding the education system's hand and let it learn how to walk on its own two feet, we will find it can and will enlighten this nation instead of dragging it down to its currently imminent demise. I come with criticisms as the prophets once did to save this beautiful country and its educators. We need them now more than ever. We just need to clean things up first: *Libertarian Style*. 

This was previously published in the [Lake Forest College Stentor](http://stentornews.com/).
